Adding another recommendation #1327 (#1355)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointServer/administration/best-practices-for-sql-server-in-a-sharepoint-server-farm.md

## Configure specific SQL Server settings before you deploy SharePoint Server

To ensure consistent behavior and performance, configure the following options and settings before you deploy SharePoint Server. 

> - To mantain simplicity and ease to mantain database, it's recommended to use a single instance over multiple instances on the same server due to performance overheads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To maintain simplicity and for ease of database maintenance, we recommend that you use a single instance over multiple instances on the same server due to performance overheads.
```

Reviewer: In accordance with tseward's suggestion. Thank you.
